
Read problems statements Hindi , Vietnamese , Mandarin Chinese , Russian and Bengali as well.
You are given a directed acyclic graph with NN vertices (numbered 11 through NN) and MM edges. You want to destroy it all! To destroy the graph, you should delete all of its vertices. 
In one step, you are allowed to delete at most two vertices; you may only delete a vertex when there is no edge from it to another (not yet deleted) vertex. You may not delete two vertices when there is an edge between them either.
Find a way to destroy the graph in the minimum number of steps.
Input

The first line of the input contains two space-separated integers NN and MM.
Each of the next MM lines contains two space-separated integers UU and VV denoting an edge from vertex UU to vertex VV.

Output

The first line of the output should contain a single integer SS denoting the minimum number of steps needed to destroy the graph.
Each of the next SS lines should describe one step; it should contain an integer KK (1≤K≤21≤K≤2), followed by a space and KK space-separated integers denoting the numbers of vertices deleted in this step.

Constraints

1≤N,M≤1061≤N,M≤106
the graph on the input does not contain any cycles or self-loops

Scoring
The score for each test file is 10⋅(C/S)210⋅(C/S)2, where CC is the number of steps in which you deleted exactly 22 vertices. The final score of your submission is equal to the sum of scores for each test file.
There are twenty test cases. During the contest, the displayed score will account for exactly four test files, i.e. your score reflects your submission's performance on 20% (4/20) of the test files. However, if your program gets a non-AC verdict on any test file, your submission's verdict will be non-AC. In other words, an AC verdict denotes that your program runs successfully on all the test files. After the end of the contest, your score will be changed to include the sum of your program's scores over the other sixteen test files.
Example Input
6 6
1 2
2 3
1 3
3 4
3 5
1 6

Example Output
4
2 4 5
2 6 3
1 2
1 1




Author:
4★fekete


Tags:

               
                 fekete
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

3580


Date Added:
14-11-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

