
Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.
The Petrozavodsk camp takes place in about one month. Jafar wants to participate in the camp, but guess what? His coach is Yalalovichik.
Yalalovichik is a legendary coach, famous in the history of competitive programming. However, he is only willing to send to the camp students who solve really hard problems on Timus. He started a marathon at the beginning of December. Initially, he said that people who solve 200 or more problems by the 31-st of December may go to the camp. Jafar made a schedule for the next month. For each day, he knows how many problems he is going to solve.
The problem is that Yalalovichik is a really moody coach — he may wake up tomorrow and change his decision about the deadline and the number of problems that must be solved by this deadline to qualify for the camp. Jafar has Q such scenarios. Now he wants to know: in each scenario, if he does not change his problem solving schedule, will he go to the camp or not?
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer D - the number of days in Jafar's schedule.
D lines follow. For each i (1≤i≤D), the i-th of these lines contains two space-separated integers di and pi denoting that Jafar will solve pi problems on day di.
The next line contains a single integer Q denoting the number of scenarios Jafar considers.
Q lines follow. For each i (1≤i≤Q), the i-th of these lines contains two space-separated integers deadi and reqi denoting a scenario where Yalaovichik decides that students who solve reqi problems by day deadi (inclusive) will go to the camp.

Output
For each scenario, print a single line containing the string "Go Camp" if Jafar is going to the camp or "Go Sleep" otherwise (without quotes).
Constraints

1≤T≤100
1≤D≤31
1≤di≤31 for each valid i
1≤pi≤100 for each valid i
d1,d2,…,dD are pairwise distinct
1≤Q≤100
1≤deadi≤31 for each valid i
1≤reqi≤5,000 for each valid i


                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
3
10 5
14 4
31 1
2
9 2
15 7



                        Sample Output 1
                        





Go Sleep
Go Camp


Explanation
Example case 1:

By the end of day 9, Jafar will not have any problem solved.
By the end of day 15, Jafar will have 9 problems solved, which is enough to go to the camp, since he needs at least 7 problems.




Author:
3★deadwing97


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CAMPON


Tags:

               
                 Implementation
                 
                     
                     Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1350


Date Added:
19-12-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

