
Read problem statement in Mandarin chinese and Vietnamese.
After winning the Candidates Tournament, Suzumo is intensively training for his upcoming match against Magus Cartesian.
In order to improve his calculation skills, Suzumo invented a new game, which he named PawnChess. PawnChess is a two-player game played on a row of NN cells. Its rules are as follows:

Initially, some pawns are placed in some cells; each pawn is either black or white. There may be at most one pawn in each cell at any time. For each white pawn, all the pawns that are to the left of this pawn are also white.
Let's call the players White and Black. Each player may only move pawns of their colour. The players alternate turns; White moves first.
In White's turn, White must move one pawn one cell to the right (if the pawn was in cell ii, it is moved to cell i+1i+1). Similarly, in Black's turn, Black must move one pawn one cell to the left (from cell ii to cell i−1i−1). It is not allowed to move a pawn outside of the row of cells or to move a pawn to a cell which already contains a pawn with the same colour.
If a pawn PP is moved to an empty cell, nothing happens. If it is moved to a cell containing a pawn RR with the opposite colour, the pawn RR is captured — removed from the game, and PP is placed in the cell which previously contained RR.
The winner of the game is the player that captures all the pieces of their opponent. Note that as long as there is at least one black and at least one white pawn, each player can make a move.

Given the initial configuration of the game board, help Suzumo determine the winner of the game. Assume that both players play optimally.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer TT denoting the number of test cases. The description of TT test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains a single string SS with length NN describing the game board. Each character in SS is '.', 'W' or 'B' denoting an empty cell, a white pawn and a black pawn respectively.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing the string "W" if White wins the game or "B" if Black wins.
Constraints

2≤N≤1282≤N≤128
there is at least one white pawn and at least one black pawn
all pawns to the left of a white pawn are always white
the sum of NN over all test cases is at most 5⋅1055⋅105


                        Sample Input 1
                        





2
W..B
WW.B



                        Sample Output 1
                        





W
B


Explanation
Example case 2: One possible sequence of moves is as follows:
WW.B
W.WB
W.B.
.WB.
.B..




Author:
7★alei


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/PWNCHESS


Tags:

               
                 Case work, Game Theory
                 
                     
                     Special, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

3062


Date Added:
15-04-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

