
Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Chef is playing a game with his brother. Chef has a sequence of NN distinct integers (indexed from 11), which he keeps hidden from his brother. Chef's brother should find the index of the second largest integer in this sequence. In order to do that, he may ask any number of questions of the following kind: "Is the ii-th element of the sequence bigger than the jj-th element?" Chef immediately answers "yes" or "no" to each question.
In order to help his brother, Chef initially gave him MM pieces of information. Each of them is in the form of an answer to one question: "The AA-th element of the sequence is bigger than the BB-th element."
Chef agreed to take his little brother to the cinema if he could ask some questions (possibly zero) in such a way that the index of the second largest element is uniquely determined by them. However, if he asks too many questions, it will be too late and they won't go to the cinema. Since Chef's brother wants to go to the cinema, he wants to ask questions in such a way that the maximum possible number of questions he has to ask is minimised, so that they finish the game quickly. On the other hand, Chef is too lazy to take his brother to the cinema, so he wants the game to last as long as possible; that's why, every time after his brother asks a question, he may permute the sequence in any way such that the resulting sequence is still consistent with all the information his brother has, and only then answer the question.
Find the number of questions Chef's brother has to ask before he can uniquely determine the second largest element of the sequence if both Chef and his brother play optimally.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer TT denoting the number of test cases. The description of TT test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers NN and MM. 
MM lines follow. Each of these lines contains two space-separated integers AA and BB, meaning that the AA-th element of the sequence is bigger than the BB-th element.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the number of questions Chef's brother has to ask in order to know the second largest element.
Constraints

1≤T≤1,0001≤T≤1,000
2≤N≤300,0002≤N≤300,000
0≤M≤300,0000≤M≤300,000
1≤A,B≤N1≤A,B≤N
A≠BA≠B
there is at least one sequence satisfying all MM initial conditions
No two pieces of information will be about same pair of elements
the sum of NN for all test cases does not exceed 300,000300,000
the sum of MM for all test cases does not exceed 300,000300,000


                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
4 2
1 2
3 4



                        Sample Output 1
                        





2





Author:
6★kingofnumbers


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/F2NDMAX


Tags:

               
                 Priority Queue, Directed Graphs, Multiset
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Queues, Graphs, Sets
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2848


Date Added:
20-07-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

