
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
Dr.D has invented yet another -inator: the hateinator. He wants to test it on a group of NN people (numbered 11 through NN). The hateinator may be used any number of times; to use it once, Dr.D should divide these NN people into two groups and press the fire button on the hateinator. We call each such grouping a Doofish set. Afterwards, there will be hatred between each two people who were in different groups. The hatred does not disappear ― any two people that hate each other before the hateinator is used still hate each other afterwards.
The hateinator uses a lot of power. Let's denote the number of times it is used by KK. Then, it consumes K⋅NK⋅N units of power. Dr.D cannot afford to use the hateinator if this number exceeds 106106.
Dr.D has done the math and computed the most evil hatred system: a situation with some MM pairs of people who hate each other. You are given these pairs. There must not be any other pair of people who hate each other. Initially, there is no hatred between these NN people. Now, Dr.D is wondering: is it possible to use the hateinator to create this most evil system? If it is, what is the minimum number of times he needs to use it and with which Doofish sets? Help Dr.D find the answers.
Input

The first line of the input contains two space-separated integers NN and MM.
MM lines follow. For each ii (1≤i≤M1≤i≤M), the ii-th of these lines contains two space-separated integers aiai and bibi denoting that people aiai and bibi should hate each other.

Output
If there is no way to achieve Dr.D's plan or the required amount of power exceeds 106106, print a single line containing the integer −1−1.
Otherwise, first, print a line containing one integer KK ― the minimum number of times Dr.D needs to use the hateinator. Then, print KK lines; each of these lines should contain a string describing a Doofish set for one use of the hateinator.
A string SS describes a Doofish set if it contains exactly NN characters and each of these characters is '0' or '1'. A Doofish set is a pair of groups. For each valid ii, if the ii-th character of SS is '1', the ii-th person is in the first group and if it is '0', this person is in the second group.
Constraints

1≤N≤1051≤N≤105
0≤M≤2⋅1050≤M≤2⋅105
1≤ai,bi≤N1≤ai,bi≤N for each valid ii

Subtasks
Subtask 1 (30 points): M=N⋅(N−1)/2M=N⋅(N−1)/2
Subtask 2 (70 points): original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





3 3
1 2
1 3
2 3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





2
110
100





Author:
7★kmaaszraa


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/DOOFST


Tags:

               
                 Connected Components, Divide and Conquer, DFS
                 
                     
                     Advanced Algorithms, Advanced Graph Algos, Algorithms, Recursion, Graph Algos, Traversals
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2533


Date Added:
14-08-2019


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

