
Sherlock has finally caught Jim Moriarty in his own trap. Jim had called Sherlock to the amusement park to play one of his mind games, but he wasn't aware that the Sherlock had beforehand bugged the whole place with his newly invented device, which tells Sherlock the chances of Moriarty being at a particular place in the park.
The design of the Amusement park if plotted on a graph is in the form of a tree having no self-loops or multiple edges of NN vertices and rooted at index 11. Sherlock's device returns an array of length NN consisting of integers. The Higher the value of integer at ithith index the higher is the probability of Moriarty being at Vertex ii. Let the array be denoted by KK.
Sherlock knows that Jim Moriarty is no fool and he can't just go to each vertex in search of Moriarity as he might run away. He devises a plan of selecting a subset of the nodes in the tree and visiting all vertices of the subset. He wants to select nodes for the subset such that he has the highest chance of catching Moriarty without alerting him. For not alerting Moriarty he says that if he visits a vertex ii he would not visit next JJ levels directly below the vertex ii. 
JJ is calculated by taking the xor(⊕)xor(⊕) of all the values K[a]K[a] where aa denotes the index of all the selected ancestors of ii and ii as well.
let's say sherlock selected some vertices from the tree by keeping the above condition in mind, then the total value of the subset would be  ∑K[v]∑K[v] where vv denotes all the selected vertices.
You know Sherlock is Damn smart and he can find the optimal subset without your help, but for that, Sherlock would have to use his special medicines(You know what I mean) to check all the valid Combinations and chose the best subset of vertices. But as he has promised his friend Dr Watson of not taking these drugs(oops I said that) ever again, he has asked for your help.
Help Sherlock maximise the total value.
MISSMISS ME!!!!ME!!!! 
NoteNote-
1.)1.) if ii node is chosen and no ancestors of ii are part of the subset of selected vertices, then the value of JJ at node ii will be just K[i]K[i].
2.)2.) the subset of selected vertices should follow Sherlock's strategy, i.e no node should be present in the subset which violates the given condition.
Input:

First line will contain an integer NN denoting the no. of vertices in the tree.
Second line will contain an array KK of length NN containing the values returned by the special device. Then N−1N−1 lines follow denoting the Connections in the Tree. 
Each line consists of a single line of input, two integers X,YX,Y, denoting a connection between VVXX and VVYY. 

Output:
Output a single line containing the maximum possible sum by selecting some/all(if possible) vertices from the tree keeping the above conditions in mind.
Constraints

1≤N≤10001≤N≤1000
0≤K[i]≤10230≤K[i]≤1023 wherewhere K[i]K[i] denotesdenotes thethe valuevalue atat vertexvertex ii 

Sample Input:
8
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
1 2
2 3
2 4
3 5
3 6
4 7
4 8
Sample Output:
7

EXPLANATION:
If we select vertices 2,5,6,7,82,5,6,7,8 then we get a total of 5. See that the given set does not violate the required condition.
If we select vertices 1,3,4,5,6,7,81,3,4,5,6,7,8 then we get a total of 7. See that even this set does not violate the required condition. the J in this case for vertex 1=1 , vertex 3= 0(1 xor 1), 
vertex 4=0(1xor1)
Vertex 3 and vertex 4 have J=0 because 1 is their ancestor.
So the maximum answer is 7.



Author:
5★panik


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/MISSME


Tags:

               
                 DP on Trees, DFS
                 
                     
                     Advanced Algorithms, Advanced DP, Algorithms, Graph Algos, Traversals
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2699


Date Added:
25-12-2018


Time Limit:
2.5 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

