
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
There are NN ants (numbered 11 through NN) in a plane. For simplicity, we will represent the ants by points. For each valid ii, initially, the position of the ii-th ant is (Xi,Yi)(Xi,Yi).
Ada wants to gather all ants at a single point. In order to do that, she wants to give instructions to the ants. In each instruction:

First, Ada chooses a simple convex polygon with MM vertices (numbered 11 through MM clockwise) such that there is at least one ant in each of its vertices and no three of its vertices are collinear. The polygon may have area 00, in which case it is a line segment with only two vertices.
Then, for each ii from 11 to M−1M−1 (inclusive) in this order:
Let's denote the set of all ants currently standing at the ii-th vertex by AiAi. Also, let BiBi denote its subset that consists of all ants that were standing at this vertex when Ada chose this polygon.
Ada chooses an ant from the set BiBi (let's denote it by cici) and tells this ant, together with all other ants from the set AiAi, to move to the nearest point PP with integer coordinates (different from the ii-th vertex) that belongs to the side of the polygon between vertices ii and i+1i+1.
If the point PP already contains some other ants, then these ants and the ants from the set AiAi will never separate and they will move together from then on. In other words, whenever two ants aa and bb are at the same position and Ada tells ant aa to move, then ant bb will move together with ant aa.

Ants are very intelligent creatures (with an IQ around 300), so they can easily perform this instruction. However, ants are lazy, so the sum of MM over all instructions must not exceed 5⋅1055⋅105. Help Ada minimise the number of instructions she needs to give to the ants in order to gather them at a single point.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer NN.
NN lines follow. For each valid ii, the ii-th of these lines contains two space-separated integers XiXi and YiYi denoting the position of the ii-th ant.

Output
First, print a line containing a single integer QQ ― the number of instructions. Then, print QQ lines; each of these lines should describe one instruction in the format M c_1 c_2 ... c_M.
Example Input
5
0 0
2 4
4 3
5 1
3 0

Example Output
2
4 1 2 3 4
3 1 3 5

Explanation
In the first instruction, ant A moves to the point (1,2)(1,2), then ant B moves to ant C, and then they move together to ant D.

After the second instruction, the three ants end up at the point (3,0)(3,0).

Test generation and constraints
There are five test files.

In test file 1, the ants are placed in a chessboard-like pattern, i.e. at all points (x,y)(x,y) such that 0≤x,y≤5000≤x,y≤500 and x+yx+y is even.
In test file 2, the positions of the ants are generated in the following way:
Consider the square SS whose lower left corner is (0,0)(0,0) and upper right corner is (210,210)(210,210).
Repeat the following: Choose two points PP and QQ on the perimeter of SS uniformly randomly. Consider all points on the line segment 𝖯𝖰PQ with integer coordinates that do not contain ants yet. Sort these points first by non-decreasing first coordinate and then by non-decreasing second coordinate. Add an ant at each of these points, in this order.
The process continues until we get N=217N=217 distinct points with ants.
In test file 3, the positions of the ants are generated similarly to test file 2, but the points PP and QQ are always chosen uniformly randomly among all points inside or on the perimeter of the square SS.
In test files 4 and 5, the positions of the ants are N=217N=217 distinct points with coordinates chosen independently and uniformly randomly between 00 and 210210 (inclusive).

Scoring
If any of your instructions are invalid, the sum of MM over all instructions exceeds 5⋅1055⋅105 or the ants are not gathered at a single point after performing all instructions, you will receive the Wrong Answer verdict. Otherwise, the score of a test file is the number of performed instuctions. The score of a submission is the sum of scores of all test files. Your goal is to minimise the score of your submission.
There are five test files. During the contest, the displayed score will account for exactly 3 test files, i.e. your score reflects your submission's performance on 60% of the test files. However, if your program gets a non-AC verdict on any test file, your submission's verdict will be non-AC. In other words, an AC verdict denotes that your program runs successfully on all the test files. After the end of the contest, your score will be changed to include the sum of your program's scores over the other 2 test files.



Author:
7★alei


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/ADANTS


Tags:

               
                 alei, challenge, march20, tmwilliamlin
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

3646


Date Added:
19-02-2020


Time Limit:
7 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

