
Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.
Heinz has recently learnt to moonwalk! Now he wants to practice it in the central park.
We know that Danville's central park consists of NN junctions (numbered 11 through NN) and that MM pairs of these junctions are connected by one-way roads (numbered 11 through MM). First, Heinz picks a junction he starts from. Then, he alternately performs the following actions, starting with walking:

Walk his way out of his current junction to another junction by a one-way road leading to that junction from his current junction.
Moonwalk his way out of his current junction to another junction by a one-way road leading from that junction to his current junction. When Heinz does this, he is actually breaking the law (since he is using the one-way road in the wrong direction), but since he is moonwalking, no one will notice.

Heinz plans to end up in the junction where he started after performing an even number of actions. However, he does not want to use any of the one-way roads more than once in any direction (using a road for both walking and moonwalking is not allowed either). It's worth noting that Heinz must walk at least one one-way road. Can he achieve this goal? If he can, find a sequence of roads he should use.
Input

The first line of input contains an integer TT, the number of cases to process.
The first line of each case contains two space-separated integers NN and MM.
The next MM lines of each case each contains two space-separated integers vv and uu denoting a one-way road from junction vv to junction uu.

Output

For each case, if Heinz cannot achieve his goal, print a single line containing the string ":(".
Otherwise, print three lines.
The first of these lines should contain the string ":)".
The second line should contain an even integer KK denoting the number of roads Heinz should use.
The third line should contain KK space-separated integers denoting the numbers of the roads Heinz should use, in the correct order.

If there are multiple solutions, you may output any one of them.
Constraints

1≤T≤51≤T≤5
1≤N,M≤2⋅1051≤N,M≤2⋅105
1≤v,u≤N1≤v,u≤N

Example Input
2
3 3
1 2
3 2
3 1
4 5
1 2
3 2
1 4
2 3
3 4

Example Output
:(
:)
4
3 5 2 1 




Author:
7★kmaaszraa


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/MNWLK


Tags:

               
                 Bipartite Graphs, Cycles, DFS, BFS
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Graphs, Algorithms, Graph Algos, Traversals
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

3090


Date Added:
14-10-2019


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

