
Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.
Ada is playing pawn chess with Suzumo.
Pawn chess is played on a long board with NN squares in one row. Initially, some of the squares contain pawns.
Note that the colours of the squares and pawns do not matter in this game, but otherwise, the standard chess rules apply:

no two pawns can occupy the same square at the same time
a pawn cannot jump over another pawn (they are no knights!), i.e. if there is a pawn at square ii, then it can only be moved to square i−2i−2 if squares i−1i−1 and i−2i−2 are empty
pawns cannot move outside of the board (outs are forbidden)

The players alternate turns; as usual, Ada plays first. In each turn, the current player must choose a pawn and move it either one or two squares to the left of its current position. The player that cannot make a move loses.
Can Ada always beat Suzumo? Remember that Ada is a chess grandmaster, so she always plays optimally.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer TT denoting the number of test cases. The description of TT test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains a single string SS with length NN describing the initial board from left to right. An empty square and a square containing a pawn are denoted by the characters '.' and 'P' respectively.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing the string "Yes" if Ada wins the game or "No" otherwise (without quotes).
Constraints

1≤T≤5001≤T≤500
2≤N≤1282≤N≤128
SS contains only characters '.' and 'P'


                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
..P.P



                        Sample Output 1
                        





Yes


Explanation
Example case 1: Ada can move the first pawn two squares to the left; the board after this move looks like
P...P

and now, Suzumo can only move the second pawn. If he moves it one square to the left, Ada will move it two squares to the left on her next move, and if he moves it two squares to the left, Ada will move it one square to the left, so the board after Ada's next move will look like
PP...

and Suzumo cannot make any move here.



Author:
7★alei


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/ADAPWNS


Tags:

               
                 alei, game-theory, grundy-numbers, observation, sprague-grundy
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2892


Date Added:
16-10-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

