
Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.
Chef Chick loves to jump a lot. Once, it realised that it was on an infinitely long road, and decided to travel along this road by jumping.
Let's view the road as the xx-axis in a 1D coordinate system. Initially, Chef Chick is at the coordinate x=0x=0, and it wants to move only in the positive xx-direction. Moreover, Chef Chick has N favourite integers a1,a2,…,aN, and it wants to jump on the coordinates that are multiples of these favourite numbers — when its current position is x, it jumps to the smallest coordinate y>x such that y is an integer multiple of at least one of the values a1,a2,…,aN; the length of such a jump is y−x.
This way, Chef Chick keeps jumping along the road forever in the positive x-direction. You need to find the length of the longest jump it will make, i.e. the largest integer d such that Chef Chick makes at least one jump with length d and never makes any jump with a greater length. It can be proved that such an integer always exists.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N.
The second line contains N space-separated integers a1,a2,…,aN.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the length of the longest jump that Chick will make.
Constraints

1≤T≤100
1≤N≤100
1≤ai≤105 for each valid i
a1,a2,…,aN are pairwise distinct


                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
2
2 3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





2


Explanation
Example case 1: The sequence of coordinates on which Chef Chick would jump starts with (0,2,3,4,6,…). A longest jump is e.g. from 4 to 6, with length 2.



Author:
6★adarshag


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CHFCHK


Tags:

               
                 Observation
                 
                     
                     Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1295


Date Added:
2-01-2020


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

