
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
You are given a rooted tree with NN nodes (numbered 11 through NN); the root is node 1. For each valid i, node i has weight wi, which is either 0 or 1.
We want to traverse the tree using depth first search. The order in which the nodes are visited is not uniquely defined, since we may visit the children of each node in an arbitrary order. Formally, the pseudocode of DFS-traversal is:
function DFS(node n):
    node n is visited
    for each node s (s is a son of n) in some order:
        call DFS(s)
    return
call DFS(root)

For each possible DFS-traversal of the tree, consider the sequence of weights of nodes in the order in which they are visited; each node is visited exactly once, so this sequence has length N. Calculate the number of inversions for each such sequence. The minimum of these numbers is the treeversion of our tree.
Find the treeversion of the given tree.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N.
The second line contains N space-separated integers w1,w2,…,wN.
Each of the following N−1 lines contains two space-separated integers x and y denoting that nodes x and y are connected by an edge.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the treeversion of the given tree.
Constraints

1≤T≤1,000
1≤N≤105
0≤wi≤1 for each valid i
1≤x,y≤N
the graph on the input is a tree
the sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 106

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (50 points):

1≤N≤1,000
the sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 10,000

Subtask #2 (50 points): original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
3
1 0 1
1 2
1 3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





1





Author:
4★erfaniaa


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/TREEVERS


Tags:

               
                 DFS, Sorting, Implementation
                 
                     
                     Algorithms, Graph Algos, Traversals
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2453


Date Added:
26-09-2019


Time Limit:
2 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

