
Read problems statements in Hindi, Spanish, Mandarin chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.
In ChefLand, there is a mountain range consisting of N hills (numbered 1 through N) in a straight line. Let's denote the height of the i-th hill from the left by hi.
Ada is working on the water supply system of ChefLand. On some of the hills, she wants to place water reservoirs; then, for each reservoir, she will decide in which direction the water should flow from it — either to the left or to the right (water may not flow in both directions from the same reservoir). From a reservoir on a hill with height h, water flows in the chosen direction until it reaches the first hill that is strictly higher than h; all hills before this hill (including the hill containing the reservoir) are therefore supplied with water.
For example, suppose we have hills with heights [7,2,3,5,8]. If we place a reservoir on the hill with height 5, and pump water from it to the left, then the hills with heights 2, 3 and 5 are supplied with water.
Help Ada find the minimum numer of reservoirs needed to provide water to all the hills if she chooses the directions optimally.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N.
The second line contains N space-separated integers h1,h2,…,hN.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the minimum required number of reservoirs.
Constraints

2≤N≤105
1≤hi≤109 for each valid i
hi≠hj for any valid i≠j
the sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 5⋅105


                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
6
4 16 32 6 8 2



                        Sample Output 1
                        





2


Explanation
Example case 1: We can place reservoirs on the second and third hill, pumping water to the left and right respectively.



Author:
7★alei


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/PUMPWAT


Tags:

               
                 Stacks, 1D Arrays, Segment Trees, Observation
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Arrays, Advanced Data Structures, Advanced Tree Structures, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2068


Date Added:
17-10-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

