
Read problems statements in mandarin chinese, russian and vietnamese as well.
Chef has a binary array A of length N. He also has a frame that can focus on at max K consecutive elements of the array. 
Chef has a lovely dog which likes to do following two things.  

Shifting the array A to the right by one element (N-th element becomes 1st, 1st becomes 2nd and so on) 
Asking Chef what is the maximal number of elements equal to 1, that can be captured by a frame (frame can capture not more than K consecutive elements of array).


Help Chef entertain his Dog!
Input
The first line of each test case contains three integers N, K and P denoting the number of elements in array A, size of a frame and the number of Dog's requests.
The second line contains N space-separated integers A1, A2, ..., AN denoting the elements of array. 
The third line contains string consisting of P characters, i-th character stands for dog's i-th question and equals '!' if  Dog shifts the array and '?' if dog asks what is the maximal number of ones captured by the frame. 
Output
For each Dog's question output a single line containing an integer corresponding to the answer of the question. 
Constraints

1 ≤ N, K, P ≤ 105
0 ≤ Ai ≤ 1

Subtasks

Subtask #1  (30 points) N, K, P ≤ 103 
Subtask #2 (70 points) Original constraints.


                        Sample Input 1
                        





5 3 4
1 0 0 1 1
?!!?



                        Sample Output 1
                        





2
3


Explanation
Example case 1.
For the first question , Chef can pick last 3 elements (or last two, no matter) for his frame, 
and will have 2 elements equal 1.
After first shift (exclamation mark) array will become: 1 1 0 0 1.
After second shift (exclamation mark) array will become: 1 1 1 0 0.
Now for the second question Chef can pick first 3 elements for his frame,
and will have 3 elements equal 1.



Author:
berezin


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CHEFSUBA


Tags:

               
                 Deque, Segment Trees
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Queues, Advanced Data Structures, Advanced Tree Structures
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1908


Date Added:
18-11-2015


Time Limit:
0.5 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

