
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
As a health expert, Vinay is keeping a close watch on the ongoing pandemic of coronavirus disease (COVID-19). He thought of a different situation where there are 2626 types of viruses, named "aorona", "borona", "corona", …, "zorona".
You are given a string SS with length NN. There are NN people (numbered 11 through NN) and for each valid ii, the ii-th person is infected by exactly one type of virus named SiSiorona (i.e. "corona" with the first letter replaced by the ii-th character of SS).
You should answer QQ queries. In each query:

You are given an integer CC denoting the number of available isolation centers.
Each isolation center has an infinite capacity, but with the restriction that two people infected with the same type of virus cannot stay in the same isolation center.
There is also a pending queue with an infinite capacity and there are no restrictions on which people can be in the pending queue.
Initially, the isolation centers and pending queue are empty.
Each of the NN people should be placed in either the pending queue or one of the isolation centers.
Since Vinay is busy finding a vaccine, he asks Swapnil to find a way to place the people in the pending queue and isolation centers such that the number of people in the pending queue is the smallest possible.
Help Swapnil find the size of the pending queue in that case.

Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer TT denoting the number of test cases. The description of TT test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers NN and QQ.
The second line contains a single string SS.
Each of the following QQ lines contains a single integer CC describing a query.

Output
For each query, print a single line containing one integer ― the minimum size of the pending queue.
Constraints

1≤T,N,Q≤1051≤T,N,Q≤105
0≤C≤1090≤C≤109
|S|=N|S|=N
SS contains only lowercase English letters
the sum of NN over all test cases does not exceed 105105
the sum of QQ over all test cases does not exceed 105105

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (20 points): T,N,Q,C≤10T,N,Q,C≤10
Subtask #2 (80 points): original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
20 2
stayinghomesaveslife
1
3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





6
0


Explanation
Example case 1: In the pending queue for the first query, there should be 22 people with "eorona", 22 with "sorona", 11 with "aorona" and 11 with "iorona".



Author:
4★sahi1422


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CORUS


Tags:

               
                 Frequency Arrays, String, Queries
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Arrays, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1305


Date Added:
2-04-2020


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

