
Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Chef and his mother are going travelling. Chef's world consists of NN cities (numbered 11 through N) connected by N−1 bidirectional roads such that each city can be reached from any other city using roads. For each city, we know its age — the number of years elapsed since the foundation of the city; let's denote the age of city i by ai.
First of all, Chef and his mother have to decide what city they should visit first. Suppose that Chef chooses a city cc and his mother chooses a (not necessarily different) city cm. The difference of their choices is the number of different bits in the binary representations of acc and acm.
Chef will not argue with his mother if the parity of this difference is not equal to the parity of the length of the shortest path between cities cc and cm (the number of roads on the shortest path between them). Find the number of ways to choose the cities cc and cm such that Chef avoids quarreling with his mother.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N. 
Each of the following N−1 lines contains two space-separated integers A and B denoting a road between cities A and B.
The last line contains N space-separated integers a1,a2,…,aN.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the number of valid pairs cc,cm.
Constraints

1≤T≤10
1≤N≤105
1≤A,B≤N
0≤ai≤109 for each valid i


                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
3
1 2
1 3
1 2 3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





2


Explanation
Example case 1: The two possible choices are cc=2,cm=3 (their binary representations differ by one bit, the shortest path has length 2) and cc=1,cm=2 (there are two different bits in their binary representations and the shortest path has length 1).



Author:
4★hloya_ygrt


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CHEFTRVL


Tags:

               
                 cook94, hloya_ygrt, xor
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2497


Date Added:
9-05-2018


Time Limit:
2 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

