
Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.
Two players (let's call them A and B) are playing a game on a row of cells. A cell may contain the character 'A', contain the character 'B' or be empty. Each character may only be moved from a cell cici to a cell cfcf if cell cfcf and all cells between ci and cf are currently empty. The leftmost (first) character may only be moved to the right, the second character may only be moved to the left, the next character to the right, and so on. Each character may be moved any number of times, including zero.
The players alternate turns; player A starts. On each turn, the current player must choose a cell containing their own character ('A' for player A, 'B' for player B) and move it to a different cell. This cell may be chosen arbitrarily as long as all rules described above are satisfied. The first player that cannot move a character loses.
Note that each character is always moved in a fixed direction, so the game is finite. Determine the winner of the game if both players play optimally.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains a single string s describing the initial state of the row of cells. Each character of s is either 'A', 'B' or '.', denoting a cell containing 'A', a cell containing 'B' or an empty cell respectively.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing the string "A" if player A wins or "B" if player B wins.
Constraints

1≤T≤105
1≤|s|≤105
the sum of |s| over all test cases does not exceed 106


                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
A.B
A..B
A..B.A..B



                        Sample Output 1
                        





A
A
B


Explanation
Example case 1: Player A can move the first character 'A' one cell to the right. Now, player B cannot move and loses.
Example case 2: Player A can move the first character two cells to the right (to the cell adjacent to 'B'). Again, player B cannot move and loses.



Author:
admin2


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/ABGAME


Tags:

               
                 Game Theory, nim game, Observation
                 
                     
                     Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2366


Date Added:
13-11-2018


Time Limit:
2 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

